URG Notes 4/5/11
Nico shared these documents with us:
Downloadable prototypes:
http://3akai.sakaiproject.org/p/HEtmmeRYI5ozCcmM9RHk4Soa/UsersA+B_Users_Scenario_v03.pdf
http://3akai.sakaiproject.org/p/ggz9eSK1Peyuu0dGBv68maW/artwork05042011.zip
Clickable versions of these prototypes:
http://3akai.sakaiproject.org/p/F5gqVoMflgug8EqtQgoIraTqe/S106_Prototype_Content.zip
http://3akai.sakaiproject.org/p/e8gR5O1EsHTDo3MECM3hYee/S106_Prototype_Users.zip
Would like for us to go back to our institutional groups to decide what should actually be featured on these
pages.
Now "My Library" rather than "My Content" throughout the UI.
Left hand panel of recommended stuff is now an activity wall that updates constantly so users have
p. 2 Categories menu -- clicking on it would bring down a selection of stuff from the first tier of the
hierarchy. Would like to move the stuff in the directory page now as that stuff is already available on
institutions' websites.
John: generally likes the designs but not the content window controls. Better model is google where the
controls appear when you mouse over. Tags look a bit odd.
David: Agree it looks good. On p. 2, there are 10 boxes -- maybe go for fewer?
Recommended and related -- replaced with activity stream
This site, http://www.tumblr.com/explore , is the inspiration for the button on p.2 under show more
p. 28 -- not technically impossible to connect with a bibliographic tool -- could be a good side project.

BUT, technically difficult to do this for the 1.0 release.
p. 2: Question 1: Very focused on content -- is that the right focus for it?
John: It doesn't have to be content -- maybe that is all that's in there right now. Nico: Yes we can repurpose some of these boxes to show other features (like discussions).
Question 2: Categories button only shows top level of hierarchies. Is that okay?
-- hard to be sure without that button open for us.
p. 38: 1) recommended content on the hover -- more will show up throughout the system. How do we feel
about that?

2) Public information: John -- this is where things are trending. MIT public directory and Cornell VIVO
project. Ability to make this public at least.
Jon: For UCB, it's about the individual's ability to make it public or not.
In zip files,
02LHN Long Name -- user's info was in a header that spanned the whole page; now it's been moved to
the left side. Which do people prefer?
The header action buttons used to have text in them to tell you what they do. Now they are buttons that
just show icons.
David: Buttons are fine if you provide rollover text. John: Also don't create buttons for things people don't
expect to find there.
Footer: We would like to start using the footer for useful things like navigation but we are uncertain what
to use it for.
John: Gaining popularity; not unexpected to find stuff at the bottom now. Wouldn't want us to be the first to
do this. Widely enough used now that it's not a big deal.
Alan: Amazon is an example.
Greg: how easy is it to customize the footer? We have a number of things we'd want to put in there.
Nico: It would be interesting to know so it could inform the design
John: the main thing we're contrasting this with is the cascading dropdowns across the top. It seems like
a slightly cleaner way of achieving the same thing. Key issue of how well it works is how often you need
to click on it. Best for infrequently clicked links -- a pain to have to scroll down to get to something you
have to click all the time.
Nico: Next week, progress report for Milestone 2 and milestone 1 remaining work. Clickable wireframe for
worlds.
Nico not available on Tuesday. Reschedule for Thursday April 14 at 5 pm.

